OK so we're going to start with a new project I've made to create create re-act app.
Just a simple template and just like always I'm just deleting everything and just leaving the index
that jazz and the index that HVM L.
OK.
So that's fine.
So let me show you a mockup of what we can do so we can build just a simple application just learned
a little bit about a little bit more about redux.
So whenever the page loads begin to have a simple header and we can have some items right here with
cars.
Now whenever the page loads we can have a list of all the cars we have on the database.
And then whenever we click on a car it's going to show you the it's going to show us the in the detail
detail of the car.
OK.
Just simple as that.
So I'm just going to minimize this and we need to do some set up.
We need to install some things on the project.
I deleted everything just like before and since we are going to work with redux we can just use some
folders to go to source.
I'm going to create a new folder.
This one is going to be actions that need actions.
We're going to need a new folder for containers.
We're going to use containers.
We're going to need a new folder for reducers.
Right.
And you fall there for components.
So I'm going to say components right.
So the main entry point of our application is going to be app.
We're going to start from there.
So I'm going to go to components and again I'm going to create a new file that is going to be app app
that as simple as that.
Since this is just it's going to start as a simple component I'm going to import re-act from react.
I'm going to make a class component.
So it's going to be components are going to go right here.
Can I say class and then just on no app makes sense.
And this one is going to be extensive and then just components just like before.
This one just just to put a friend there so we can get something on the screen whenever the page loads.
So we're going to say render it inside the render we can return some GSX so is going to say we turn
and then just a simple div just something simple hello.
And of course we need to export this components.
I'm going to say export default.
And then just app.
All right that's good.
Now I'm going to go to the index database.
I'm going to import that of components.
So I'm going to say app from and then dot for Slash components for Slash at that jazz that's going to
work OK.
So what do we need we need to install a lot of things.
So we need to install redux and react redux.
So I'm going to go right here to the terminal and I'm going to say OK I'm going to say NPM install redux.
That's the first thing.
It's going to be mine amount minus minus safe and click enter and then I'm going to pass the video because
it's going to take a couple minutes.
OK so this is done.
We need to install re-act redux.
So again and PM install and then re-act redux and then mine is mine is safe again just kind of Ponzo
BDO.
Be right back.
All right so we can do anything we can to use routes.
So we need to install re-act router.
So I'm going to say NPM install and then re-act router and then just Dohm right.
It's going to be out and it's going to be the person for 0 0 and then just minus minus save.
All right.
Again going to pass the BDA.
OK so we're going to be calling making calls to an API and begin to use Jason's server for this.
So I'm going to go right here to the root of our application and I'm going to create a new file and
you file and it's going to be divi dad.
Jason just like that divi that Jason and it's going to be just empty.
OK.
And we need to install Dayson server.
Now if you don't have it installed globally Here's the command you need to NPM install minus D and then
Jason's server.
That's what you need to do.
I'm never going to install it because I already have it.
So we need to start to server I'm going to go to a new tab.
Right here when you click.
Plus it's going to take you to a new tab.
And if we do Jason Dasch server then minus minus watch TV that Jason is the one we have right here.
And then port and 3 0 0 4 we click enter is going to start everything for us and we can have an API
just in one minute.
It's very good.
I love this.
Jason server.
OK.
So everything it's ready so we can start as soon as this is ready.
So everything is fine it's fine.
So I'm going to go to mine to the first one to the first terminal and I'm going to do.
NPM start
all right it's going to take a few seconds.
And as soon as it's done you should be getting the hello.
We have right here on the local host 3000 is going to reload the page and we get hello.
So that's good you know very very fast.
So let's go to the next section and start creating the components for our tiny application.